Update Genomics & Galaxy tutorial (#2087)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/introduction/tutorials/galaxy-intro-strands/tutorial.md

> * If this is the first time you have used this Galaxy server, then your history panel will look like the image above.
>
> * If your history has datasets in it (there will be one or more green boxes, *datasets*, there) then create a new history:

> >     * Click the **plus icon** to create a new history

Reviewer: Can you use the `snippets/create_new_history.md` snippet?

Author: I've inserted this together with short text above to tell people what they should be doing - the snippet can then explain how to do so.

> ### {% icon hands_on %} Searching for and launching a tool
>
> 1. Try the **tools search box**.  Think of terms that might describe what we want to do and type them in the search box.  Do you see anything promising?  Explore a little.

> > 2. If you haven't already searched with it, *enter* `filter` in the **tool search box**.  In the results is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 2. If you haven't already searched with it, *enter* `filter` in the **tool search box**.  Among the results you should see
```

> ### {% icon hands_on %} Hands-on: Genomic Interval Tools
>

> > * In the tool panel, *open* the **Operate on Genomic Intervals** toolbox.  It's typically in the **Common Genomics Tools or Text Manipulation** sections.

Reviewer: .org .eu and .org.au all have it under "Common Genomics Tools". Alternatively, I'd have users search for "interval".

Author: While the "Operate on Genomic Intervals" is in "Common Genomics Tools" on usegalaxy.eu it does not contain the Intersect tool:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4154788/96872880-79f82700-1474-11eb-95c6-4e3448b04fb1.png)

The procedure in this section encourages users to search through tool panel sections for useful looking tools. I am not sure if this is a good way to explore Galaxy given how many tools there are to search through.

Reviewer: > While the "Operate on Genomic Intervals" is in "Common Genomics Tools" on usegalaxy.eu it does not contain the Intersect tool:

Ah, well spotted, it seems a bit weird that the GOPS tools are scattered around 3 sections ("Subtract" is under "Join, Subtract and Group") on UseGalaxy.eu .

> The procedure in this section encourages users to search through tool panel sections for useful looking tools. I am not sure if this is a good way to explore Galaxy given how many tools there are to search through. I'm trying to not make too many changes to the tutorial though.

Indeed, maybe having users search for "interval" (as I was suggesting as alternative) could be an instance-agnostic solution and not a very big change?

Author: Yes, good suggestion. I have updated the text accordingly.

Reviewer: Thanks!

> > * The next step is finding overlapping intervals, so search in the tool search box for `interval`. There are many results from this search so you might want to click the *Show sections* button (available on Galaxy servers) to see which sections the tools are organised into.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * The next step is finding overlapping intervals, so type `interval` in the tool search box. There are many results from this search, so you might want to click the *Show sections* button (available on Galaxy servers) to see which sections the tools are organised into.
```
